Welcome back.
Let's keep going down our security guidelines and go with our second third party libraries to see what
that's all about.
Us our applications grow.
We depend on more and more third party libraries and you can see that right away if you go into any
project and look at their node modules folder we use a ton of code from other people and that's not
a bad thing.
We don't want to keep writing our own functions our own solutions that have already been discovered.
The idea of A.P.M. is to be able to share code with other people so we can build applications faster.
I mean look what create react up can do for us.
Now when that happens you encounter this other problem where once again you're using code that you didn't
write yourself.
And that perhaps might not be the most secure and when it comes to third party libraries you always
want to make sure if you're adding it to your project that it is a good library it's a library that
you can trust and it's a library that is secure because anybody can load up any package that they want
on NPM.
And if I'm a bad person I can perhaps load a really bad library that says it helps you with one problem
but actually collects user information perhaps or maybe your logging outputs.
So you always want to be careful with third party libraries now.
Luckily for you there's a fairly good system that you can implement and that is just make sure you go
to their GET HELP page of whatever third party library you're using and look at their stars and how
many times they've been forked.
And generally the big community around it you can trust big libraries like react or redux because well
they're developed by companies that you can trust.
Well kind of you can just.
But they also have a lot of stars on get Hobb a lot of people are working on it and a lot of open source
community time has gone into it in order to make it better and safe.
So use packages that are well-known well-respected and that are constantly being worked on.
Now I want to show you two things you can do right away to really improve your security part practices
when it comes to third party libraries and that is these two tools the NSB and the snake.
I think you say Snick.
Not sure how it's pronounced but we're going to show you how this work to check your third party libraries.
I have over here our robo friends progressive Web app and in here.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
I'm going to install these two packages that I just talked about NPM install G for global so that I
can use the NSB command and enter.
Now this is probably going to give me an error.
There it is.
You're going to get an easy access error.
You have the permission denied.
Again if you're getting this error that means you don't have permission to install a global package.
So sometimes you might have to do sudo or run the command in admin mode.
So let's do that with NSB and you'll have to enter your password.
Make sure you say you are who you say you are and you have your package installed.
So A.B. what can we do with it.
Well we can run a command called NSB check and it's going to check our ruber friends P.W..
Let's see what it does.
Oh looks like we have one vulnerability and NSB check is awesome because it gives you great information
on where your issues are.
You see people are constantly finding vulnerabilities in code and how they can do bad things with it.
And good people are always trying to fix these.
And that's all you have on your iPhone or Android phone.
Constant updates because companies are constantly updating software in order to be more secure.
If somebody finds a vulnerability they need to fix that right away because all the attackers are going
to be like oh there's a new vulnerability.
I'm going to try that out and see if I can do bad things with it.
So always always update and have the latest software updates because most of the time there are security
updates to avoid these type of vulnerabilities.
And with NSB check we see that yep we have a package that is named Hoek Hoek Hoek.
I don't know how to say that and it's you see that it's a medium level.
We have the 4.2 version installed and the vulnerability affects all things that are 4.2 or below.
And then it shows you what the patch version is and also what is using this package.
I mean we see that the robot friend zapped the whole package is used by re-act scripts just just Seelye
environment.
Bouvard JS Dom request Hawk Hoek.
So it's being used you can see the nesting that's happening here.
So even though we don't directly know about it it's being used by just Domm that use the request and
they uses Hok.
They have this hope.
And also it gives the information are on where you can find more details about this vulnerability.
And if you actually go to the Hoque Web site let's do hope and PM
we see that oh yeah there is a near version 5 point 0.3 and that we definitely have an outdated version.
Very cool.
So we want to update that by changing our package.
Jason Faltu a newer version or perhaps just using the NPM install command again to reinstall whatever
we need.
All right.
What about the other two I was talking about the NPM installed dashi.
But this time it's called Sonic snipy Snick.
We're going to go with Nick and this story is going to require you to actually connect your get Halba
account.
That's because with NSB we're auditing our packaged God.
Jason phó snake is going to audit your node modules directory using this nick task's command.
And this is a really really good tool.
So if we Ron let me clear this if we run Snick test you see that we need authentication account.
So we need to connect it to our Get help so I can do Snick off
and I'm just going to log in with my get help account I want to authorize it.
Yeah sure I agree.
All right we're ready to be used.
So let's go with Snick test.
We have to run NPM and solve first.
And again because I just get cloned this package I haven't run NPM install so there's no node modules
folder yet.
And this project but the NSB was able to run the tests because it tests the package Jasonville.
All right so let's just run NPM install.
All right.
And now let's run run our command.
I'm going to clear this and we're going to rerun and sniff test and while this is running it's going
to run a ton of tests.
There are other tools like this out there but the idea and the end goal is always the same.
Make sure that the third party libraries that you're using are always up to date and that you're not
using any packages that have known vulnerabilities.
And there's a ton of information online about how to find those.
All right.
We're testing that's a lot of dependencies.
A thousand forty nine to been dependencies and found 13 vulnerabilities with 528 vulnerable paths.
Holy moly that's a lot.
And it gives you a ton of output it even gives you information of how you can fix this.
You see that your dependencies are out of date otherwise you'll be using a new or tough cookie then
tough cookie 2.3 to again assess tried deleting No module and re-installing them running snake tests
again.
And if the problem persists and it probably does because we just install this one of your dependencies
may be bundling outdated modules.
So again you might have to go ahead and fix that and install new packages.
But you see that we have a time.
And here's the thing.
There's definitely when you run this it's very rare that you're going to get 100 percent but at least
now we know where to start and where to perhaps update our packages.
The problem with some of these is that the tough cookie package for example is needed by the request
package and perhaps the if we update the tough cookie package the request package won't be able to work
with the newer version of tough cookie.
And you know what that's one of the big problems with PM and having these really deep nested dependency
trees.
And there are many discussions online on how to solve this and what the best practices are.
But I hope by using these two tools you can decide for yourself what you want to fix.
I hope this has taught you that you have to be careful of all these packages and it's good to have these
tests running and perhaps as a team decide when to fix something and when to not want to not include
a third party library because of a vulnerability or when you should.
I'll see you in the next video.